When I joined and they told me I was going to be in the nuclear field,
I have to admit, until I started going to the school itself, I did
not know what a nuke was. So, did I work with nukes? The answer is no.
'Nukes' mean nuclear weapons and if you work for a submarine, for
a ballistic submarine, then you do see the nukes but you're not the
one who is working on them. What the nuclear field means, is that we
work for the engineering portion of the nuclear-powered aircraft carriers.
So, we're the engine of the ship. If you think of a car as
the aircraft carrier, then we're the things that make it, you know,
go 'Boom!'. We're the thing that makes it go forth through the road
I guess and we're the people that make electricity happen for the entire
ship, we're the people that make the CD player run, basically we're
the life blood of the aircraft carrier.